[tense. dramatic music playing]
[Momo squawking]
[Aang] Save yourself. Momo!
- [grunting]
- [Momo grunting]
[Aang grunts]
[grunts]
Please don't find me. Please--
[music fades]
Well. it was a good try.
- Really?
- No!
I've seen two-year-olds
hold their ground better.
You're about as stalwart
as a possum chicken.
You know. even Sokka
could've earthbent by now.
Whoa! Take it easy on the poor guy.
Okay. I'll take it easy on him
after he gives me 50 hop squats.
- Yes. Sifu.
- [Sokka scoffs]
- Oh.
- [Aang] One. two…
You know. Aang is a good learner.
And I think
a little positive reinforcement
would go a long way.
Wow. that's actually really helpful.
I'll try and remember that
if he ever does anything positive.
[indistinct chatter]
The sooner we get to Ba Sing Se.
the better.
- Excuse me.
- Oh. Yeah.
[exhales]
- Are you and Suki okay?
- Yeah. We're…
What are you talking about? We're talking.
I said hi to her this morning. so…
We're fine. so just leave me alone.
Come on. Aang. You don't have to keep--
Everybody stop!
[ominous music playing]
There's something… following us.
It's big. and it's moving fast.
- You think it's Azula and her friends?
- Or Zuko again.
- Whatever it is. it's after us.
- No. it's after me.
Everyone should keep moving forward
towards Ba Sing Se.
Good idea! Aang and I will stay behind
and cover everyone's tracks.
- Lead them the wrong way.
- Want me to help?
Oh. don't worry your pretty head
about it. sweetness.
Aang and I have got this.
Come on. baldy. You can
finish your hop squats before the battle.
Why is earthbending so hard for me?
[rumbling]
- [Momo squawking]
- [Appa grunts]
[Momo squawks]
[dramatic music playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[music fades]
[Iroh] Earth is the element of strength.
The people of the Earth Kingdom
are resilient and enduring.
like the hills around us.
They face their adversity head-on.
The opposite of earth is air.
Air is the element of freedom.
Like the wind. the Air Nomads live freely
of worldly possessions
and find peace
through detachment and lightness.
The ferry to Ba Sing Se is almost back.
We should head down.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [ferry bell tolling]
We still have time.
The element closest to air is water.
Water is the element of change.
Just as ice transforms to liquid.
then into mist.
the people of the Water Tribes
transform adversity into growth.
Fire is the element of power.
If you want to bring Azula down.
you need to listen to me.
I'm trying to teach you to fight her.
Wait. is this about lightning?
Yes. I'm going to teach you a technique
I designed myself.
Okay.
The key is you must allow the energy
to flow from the tips of your fingers
to your shoulder.
down into your stomach.
The stomach is a bowl
that holds the energy of your body.
From the stomach.
you redirect the energy
up and out through your other arm.
Okay.
[Iroh exhales]
[pensive music playing]
[exhales]
The path through the stomach is critical.
If the lightning detours
through your heart.
it will kill you.
Okay.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[dramatic music playing]
[ferry bell tolling]
[music fades]
[Zuko] Okay.
I got it.
Now… now how do I create the lightning?
No! This is a technique I created
by watching Waterbenders.
It is to redirect lightning.
- Redirect?
- Yes. to defend yourself.
I don't need self-defense.
I need to defeat Azula.
I thought you were teaching me
to bend lightning so--
Lightning is the purest. most dangerous
expression of firebending.
It would be too dangerous for you
until you resolve the turmoil inside.
What turmoil?
[Iroh] Aah!
I'm… I'm sorry. Uncle. I'm… I'm sorry.
I'm okay.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
We have to go.
[music fades]
Covering everyone else's tracks worked.
Whatever was following us
is coming this way.
[Aang] If we need to run.
I'll be able to use my glider.
I'm sorry. Why would we run?
In case… we're losing?
[scoffs] This is exactly your problem.
I don't run away from things.
and neither should you.
Azula can bend lightning.
Her fire is blue. and it took seven of us
to make her feel like she was outnumbered.
The second I showed up. she fled.
She barely got away.
So no. I'm not going to run.
[rumbling]
Oh. come on. You've got to be kidding me.
- Well. what is it?
- [Toph] You know what?
- This is gonna be good training for you.
- Training?
You're going to handle this. flighty boy.
And you're gonna do it with earthbending.
Toph. this is not the time
to be messing around.
No. don't worry.
Not even you could lose
to these chuckleheads.
[rumbling continues]
[suspenseful music swells]
[Boulder] Submit!
- [grunts]
- [Aang groans]
We are here to collect you
from the clutches of the Avatar.
At long last. The Boulder has finally
found you. little Beifong.
Oh. help me. O powerful Avatar.
Are you serious right now?
He's going to throw
a bunch of stuff at you.
- Remember… hold your ground.
- Okay.
- Ha!
- Step aside. bald one.
Uh…
No?
- Then prepare to eat… Boulder.
- Ew.
You'll never know how satisfying it was
for The Boulder to learn that…
[grunts] …the Blind Bandit
was a spoiled Beifong princess! Ah!
[Aang yelps]
Plant your feet. wide stance.
and hold your ground.
The Boulder agrees.
Stop running!
And get smashed?
The Boulder has been smashed many times
in the head.
Oh. well. that explains it.
Dig in your heels. Massage the granules.
Mr. Boulder. please refrain
from instructing the Avatar.
[Boulder grunts]
[grunts]
Be one with the stone.
as it cracks your skull!
- Should I be one with it?
- [Toph] No!
[Aang grunts]
- Stop it! You're confusing him!
- I'm not confused.
I just… I can't do it.
Probably because Miss Beifong
never learned the fundamentals.
She's as stubborn as the earth itself.
Hold your ground!
Caress the earth like a lover.
- What?
- Recognize the element to command it.
- Study the terrain.
- [Toph] Stop moving! Quit moving!
- Don't airbend!
- [Xin Fu] Make the elements serve you.
[Toph] Hey! You're making me look bad!
Hey. don't listen to them!
Bravo. You didn't learn a thing.
[Xin Fu] Your mother
is not going to like this!
[Boulder groans]
Not one bit!
[crowd clamoring]
[soldier] The ferry's not ready.
Everyone back up!
[foreboding music playing]
I'm not going.
- What?
- Go without me.
I'm never going back to Ba Sing Se.
[soldier 2] They're coming!
Soldiers. to your defenses!
I'm sorry there wasn't time
to teach you everything.
It's the only place
we can be safe from her.
[woman] Fire Nation!
- [all clamoring]
- [Iroh groans]
[Zuko] Uncle! Uncle!
[groans]
Let's go.
[soldier 3] Launch the ferry!
[soldier 4] We must have order!
[bell ringing]
[Zuko grunts]
Launch the ferry! Launch the ferry!
[tense music playing]
You're okay. You're okay. We made it.
Longshot! There you are.
What are you doing?
You could have gotten left behind!
Look at him. Jet.
He needed help.
[breathing heavily]
Thank you.
[explosion]
[somber music playing]
[people whimpering]
[clamoring]
[thunder rumbles]
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[Aang] This is the Outer Wall of the city.
But where is everyone?
Oh. I'm sorry. Are we talking again?
Not by choice.
Maybe they already got inside.
Do you see a gate?
[Aang] No. But I see Appa's tracks.
Wait a minute.
Do you hear that?
[Katara] You can't keep us in here!
We came here for help!
Hey. it's your friend. Katara.
[Katara] Let us out!
[pounding on wall]
Katara!
Aang. is that you?
[Aang] Yeah. it's me and Toph.
What happened?
[Katara] The soldiers said
we can't enter the city here.
What soldiers?
We told them we were from Omashu.
and more soldiers came.
They shoved us against the wall.
and now we're all locked up.
Wait a minute. she's right.
I can feel them all down the wall.
Everyone's in their own cell.
[pounding on wall]
What about Appa?
They covered him and Momo in stone.
Open them up.
- Open them all up now!
- All right!
No problem.
[rumbling]
Someone's… fighting me.
Hands up. Earthbender! Against the wall!
Aang. Toph. don't fight them!
[Toph] Get off! Get off of me!
- Toph?
- [rumbling]
Aang!
[rumbling]
Why are you doing this?
Let us out! [yells]
[mysterious music playing]
[coughing]
[indistinct chatter]
I didn't ask you to come after me.
You did that.
It was my fight.
I didn't ask you to.
You follow me.
And then you're gonna abandon me?
You don't get to abandon me.
You don't get that choice.
I'm not gonna let you.
[footsteps approaching]
[Iroh coughs]
[Jet] He's not looking so good.
Sorry. man.
Sorry about before too.
I can see you guys have been through it.
Just like us.
[Iroh coughs]
People are saying we're supposed to
get housing assignments
when we get to the city.
Like they're gonna give us houses when
they won't even give us food on this boat?
I guess we'll see.
[Iroh coughs]
You know where they do have some food?
Captain's quarters.
I saw them taking it up there.
We're talking about a plan
to liberate some meals for ourselves.
You want in?
[somber music playing]
No.
We're just gonna keep our heads down.
[water dripping]
[Iroh coughing]
I bet there's medicine up there too.
[music fades]
[rocks crash]
[soldier] Name and nation of origin.
Katara of the Southern Water Tribe.
I'm traveling with the--
Why would you lock us up?
We're refugees. We came here for help.
You're lucky you're not going to holding
with the rest of them.
But you have an influential friend.
- Katara.
- Aang.
- [Sokka] Oh. you're okay.
- [Katara] Hey.
I thought they were gonna
keep us in there forever.
Me too. but… Toph got us out.
I showed them my family's seal.
Told them that the Beifongs and the Avatar
have important business in the city.
But they'll only let the four of us in.
The Avatar's personal retinue.
We can't leave everyone else
in holding cells.
[scoffs] Hold on.
It took all the clout of my family name
just to do… this.
We'll go see the Earth King
and ask him to help the others.
Your liaison will take you
into the city now.
[woman] Welcome.
I am Joo Dee.
I will be your guide and assistant
in Ba Sing Se.
I hope you weren't too inconvenienced
on your way in.
It wasn't great.
[chuckles]
Thank you. Joo Dee.
We need to see the Earth King right away.
Oh. I can certainly file a request
for an audience.
Oh. no. You don't understand.
We have important information
about the Fire Nation and the war.
I'm sorry. Avatar. You may be confused.
There is no war in Ba Sing Se.
[ominous musical sting plays]
[animals bleating]
[tense music playing]
[Joo Dee] And that's why
the Agrarian Zone.
with its rivers. forest. and farmland.
has kept Ba Sing Se self-sustaining
for generations.
Up ahead is the Inner Wall.
Soon we'll be entering the city proper.
How long will it take
to see the Earth King?
I'll inquire as soon as we disembark.
Here is the city now.
[uplifting mysterious music playing]
[Joo Dee] This is the eclectic Lower Ring.
Home to our hardworking tradespeople
and artisans.
Joo Dee. my sky bison
could just fly alongside us.
Then your Earthbenders
wouldn't need to push him.
Oh.
I'm afraid the citizens of Ba Sing Se
would find that distressing.
This city is a no-fly zone.
If you look ahead.
you can see the Middle Ring.
containing our best shops.
restaurants. and schools.
Oh. shops?
We don't have time for shopping.
Would it be possible
to take us directly to the Earth King?
It'd be impolite if I did not escort you
to your lodgings first.
I am thrilled to tell you the Avatar villa
is situated in the Upper Ring.
That's where our royalty
and nobility reside.
It is an elegant neighborhood
with gardens and spas.
We're right next to the Earth King. Great!
- Maybe we could--
- Actually!
Friends. I think we all would enjoy
a little respite.
Ba Sing Se is famous for its hospitality.
We consider it a privilege
to be hosting the Avatar. Toph Beifong.
and esteemed members
of the Southern Water Tribe.
I'll be back with refreshments.
Everyone. pipe down!
Can't you dummies tell?
We're being handled.
- What does that mean?
- [sighs] Okay.
A city is like a giant machine.
But instead of steam or coal.
it runs on bureaucracy.
Yeah. we have bureaucracy
in the Southern Water Tribe too.
All requests have to go through me…
and then Gran Gran.
Yes. bureaucracy is people.
But here.
bureaucracy is a bunch of useless people
standing between you and what you want.
They handle your requests.
And you have to make them feel important.
Otherwise. they just kick you back
to the start of this great. stupid maze.
That's why we have to be nice to Joo Dee.
Otherwise. we lose
our only connection to the king.
Just trust me. okay?
I know cities.
You may know cities. but you're new
to how this Avatar thing works.
- Aang is important.
- [Toph] Uh-huh.
He's so important
that I had to rescue him from prison!
[peaceful music playing]
[Joo Dee] We hope
you'll find the villa satisfactory.
It is where we've hosted
many Avatars of the past.
All meals will be delivered promptly
by your personal caterer.
And beyond that are your private suites.
Your sky bison will stay
in the adjoining barn.
[knocking on door]
[man] Excuse me.
Hello.
[Joo Dee gasps]
[man] I'm so glad I caught you.
I am Long Feng.
Cultural Minister.
This is Minister Long Feng.
He's the senior official
who oversees cultural life in the city.
I have news for you.
But first. before that.
if you would indulge me.
I brought some… welcome gifts.
- Here.
- Huh. Thanks.
[Long Feng] And. uh…
[gasps]
Candied sea prunes?
- Miss Beifong.
- [Katara] Just like home.
[Sokka gasps]
[Katara sighs]
- [uncorks bottle]
- [Toph sniffs]
Is this… mineral salt to soak my feet?
Earthbending can get tiring.
A stone from the top
of the Eastern Air Temple.
The ancestral home of the sky bison.
And also the birthplace of airbending.
I hope. uh. this is appropriate.
What do you give an Air Nomad
who is in want of nothing?
That's where I met Appa.
I'll keep this with me always.
And now for the news.
The king has granted asylum
to all Omashan refugees.
We are in the process of settling them
in the Lower Ring
and providing them with food vouchers.
necessities. and stipends
until they find work.
All I ask is. uh…
if you can confirm this roster.
- Don't want to miss anyone.
- Yes. of course.
Yeah. everyone's accounted for.
Yeah. Suki and the other Kyoshi Warriors
are listed…
Could we see them?
- Uh. see… see everyone?
- [Long Feng] Of course.
Could you arrange a carriage. please.
Joo Dee?
I've also heard
you wish to speak to King Kuei.
As it happens. the king is having a party
at the Royal Palace tonight.
and he would like for you
to be his honored guests.
We would like that very much.
It's settled. then.
You visit your friends.
some rest. and a party.
I must say
it is the honor of a lifetime
to be helping
the Avatar and his companions.
Honor of a lifetime to help the Avatar.
See. Toph?
No. I don't.
Oh. No. no I'm… I didn't mean it--
Yeah. yeah. as fun as it is
to listen to you squirm.
you're still wrong.
This will not be
as easy as he makes it sound.
Whatever. Ignore me at your peril.
[huffs]
Great. I wanna call this room.
- I'm gonna go in here. Yeah.
- [Katara] What? No. what?
I wanted this one.
- [Sokka] I really like it.
- [Katara] I like it too.
[peaceful music playing]
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[Sokka] So where'd Teo go?
He wanted to be more helpful
with the war effort.
so he left to find
some resistance fighters
that Kyoshi Warriors
told him about in the North.
He brought my designs
so he could build more gliders
and teach others how to
fight the Fire Nation from the air.
I'm so proud of him.
They said there would be
no flying over the city. and
Teo's a flyer.
I'm sorry.
Sokka.
the Kyoshi Warriors
have left the city too.
Suki said
there was no need for warriors
in a city with no war.
[somber music playing]
Uh…
Did she say anything else?
No. she didn't.
Um… uh.
well. you're busy here.
so… uh. I'll leave you to it.
Sokka. Sokka. if you wanted
to come back tomorrow to help me.
I could use your thoughts and…
if you wanted to come back tomorrow
just to talk. I'm here for that too.
Thanks.
You know. yesterday.
I didn't know if we'd see another sunrise.
And now I'm thinking about
opening a flower shop again.
[chuckles]
[Katara] Praying
to the Painted Lady worked.
Well. prayers only work
when we act on them. right?
Diya. what happened?
A spider bit her
when we were locked in that room.
I made a balm with aloe berries.
but it doesn't look like it's helping.
Well. venom is a liquid.
Maybe I can bend it out.
Can I see your arm?
[mysterious music playing]
[liquid gurgling]
Ow!
I'm sorry.
I guess I can't do it.
It's a shame we don't have golden nettle.
Then I could make a poultice
that would just clear it right up. but
it's really rare.
Thanks for trying. Katara.
Katara. there you are.
You must inform me
if you are going to depart from the group.
I was just saying hi to Amita.
But I was meant to escort you
on your visit to the Lower Ring.
We must keep to the itinerary.
Are you saying I can't just walk around
and talk to people?
Of course that's not what I'm saying.
I only want to ensure that the Avatar
and his companions remain in good standing
while their request to speak with
the Earth King is in process.
Visiting hours are over now.
[Katara] Yeah.
I'm telling you. it was weird.
Like I've been telling you.
you've gotta play along.
It feels wrong talking about the war
dressed so… fancy.
That's gorgeous! I mean. so is mine. but…
What is this. silk?
[scoffs] They even gave us makeup.
When the Kyoshi Warriors put on makeup.
it's to go to battle.
A party is a battle!
[tense music playing]
There is nothing less enjoyable
than a high-society soirée.
Everybody is there
because they want something.
and nobody is there to have fun.
Take the four of us. for example.
We're all going
so we can speak to the king.
which means
we all better make a good impression
and behave like elites
worthy of his divine royal audience.
That means bowing correctly.
Always saying "yes."
even when you mean "no."
Or even better. just say.
"Huh. perhaps" to everything.
Speak agreeably.
always with a faint smile.
But you do not wanna show teeth.
You never wanna show teeth.
[Sokka] Uh…
No. Sokka. I don't think it's that.
I think I prefer a real battle.
I think I prefer the Kyoshi Warriors.
Perhaps I should have accepted
Suki's offer.
- When did she ask?
- Suki asked you?
- Did she send a hawk--
- You going?
No. it was before we got here.
and I didn't say yes. obviously.
I just… thought it was nice
that she thought I was worthy.
[Sokka sighs]
Well. as long as Toph is here to guide us.
we'll be okay.
- It'll be like parties your parents host.
- Oh. no. Avatar. this will be much worse.
[intense. dramatic music playing]
It's customary
to enter the party in pairs.
Yeah?
You look…
nice.
So do you.
Aang. no teeth.
Right.
[upbeat. festive music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[crowd exclaims]
How brave you are
to dress so rustically in the palace.
Well. they actually told us to wear these…
[Sokka] Right. yeah.
May I?
[Katara] Oh…
- [music stops]
- [light applause]
[woman] It's said a visit from the Avatar
brings good fortune.
- I just opened a lakefront estate.
- [Toph chuckles]
Perhaps. madam. if the Avatar
can find room in his schedule.
We came here
to deliver a group of refugees.
Their city was overtaken
by a Fire Nation army.
Fire Nation still has an army?
[man] No!
They stopped fighting after we drove them
from our walls in defeat.
The Fire Nation hasn't stopped fighting
for a hundred years.
All over the Earth Kingdom.
they're waging war.
[woman 2] There is no war in Ba Sing Se.
General Sung. Supreme Commander
of the Forces of the Outer Wall.
So you're the Avatar
who caused us so much trouble.
[Toph] Mmm.
How do you do. General?
We owe all our thanks to your soldiers
for granting us entry into the city.
At least he's in the good company
of a Beifong.
Yes. well. I have been teaching him
the ways of the city.
General. you know
the Fire Nation hasn't stopped fighting.
We have an urgent message
that we need to tell the king.
After the failed siege.
the wall was fortified.
Ba Sing Se will remain impenetrable
for centuries to come.
Out there.
the Fire Nation is growing in power.
What does "out there" have to do with us?
[tense music playing]
It's best if you accelerate his education.
I heard a terrible rumor
that your people eat sea prune?
That's actually true.
[laughs] Oh.
Well. here. our people drink cactus juice.
Okay.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
It's harvested from cacti
native to the Si Wong Desert
that secretes the juice
as a defense mechanism against predators.
It interferes with brain activity.
Sometimes… permanently.
Ah. this guy is such a bore.
I'm Zei. Professor of Anthropology
at Ba Sing Se University.
I'm Sokka.
Uh…
Oh. I believe
this is the traditional greeting
for men of the Southern Water Tribe.
Is that okay?
Yeah. it's great!
[mysterious music playing]
[whispering] Those are
the crates with the food.
What's taking so long?
Jet. there's a lot more food here.
[Jet] So?
- We could feed the others.
- What others?
[indistinct voices approaching]
We gotta go. Someone's coming.
[panting]
[indistinct voices]
Thanks.
[uplifting. mystical music playing]
[woman] Yoo-hoo! Toph Beifong!
[chuckles]
So glad you could come to Ba Sing Se.
I'm sorry.
I don't believe we've met. Lady--
Lord and Lady Ouyang.
We're friends of your father's.
- Are you here to accept the proposal?
- Proposal?
Our son's marriage proposal that was sent
to your parents' winter manor?
Um… [clears throat]
Perhaps I should send a hawk to my parents
to inquire further.
Have they received
our son's portrait as well?
His name is Pan Hua.
He manages our newest restaurant.
Charming.
Oh. yes.
Isn't he the young man who managed
your former restaurant into the ground?
Doesn't your son take a carriage
to the Middle Ring
to study at a trade college?
At least my son is getting an education.
unlike some people.
Our son's restaurant
is the talk of the palace.
[Sokka] We have. like. a spherical roof
with no internal pillars.
That way. the pressure
is distributed evenly from the top down.
The snow bricks support themselves.
Wow. Domed ice houses.
- Mm-hmm.
- Huh! So ingenious!
See. we… we do everything practically.
And what was the practical purpose
of domesticating the otter penguin?
Uh…
Companionship.
- Ha! Well said.
- Yep.
So you were
in the Northern Water Tribe. right?
Oh. I have so many questions.
Oh. about the North?
Yes. I'm interested in
their spiritual leadership structure.
Right.
Now. I've read that they have
a patriarchal society.
but that spiritual leadership
can be undertaken by women.
And it feels like a little contradiction.
except that the spiritual leader seems
to be chosen by the ocean or moon spirit.
[fading] I suppose
they don't really have a gender…
[Sokka's mind] Please don't.
Please. you don't have to do this. Yue!
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Golden nettle.
Lovely. no?
The king cultivates them
in his private garden.
Lovely. yes.
They have tons
of medicinal properties too.
People could use them.
People in the Lower Ring.
I like how they smell.
[sinister chord plays]
[gasps]
- [woman 2] Proposals?
- [woman 3] Mm-hmm.
[woman 2] Who'd wanna marry her?
[woman 3] What instrument
could she even play?
- The dinner gong. [laughs]
- [woman 2 laughs]
These people are only after her fortune.
[woman 3] If only the Beifongs had a son.
[chuckles]
Do you think her parents…
Toph.
Leave it. and don't make a scene.
But they're being--
I said don't make a scene. sugar queen.
- [woman 2] How embarrassing.
- [woman 3 laughs]
[woman 2] Her makeup
looks like a baboon's butt.
[both laugh]
[woman 2 screams]
Oh my God!
What happened?
My makeup!
[both] Our makeup!
[chuckles]
Did you just bend their drinks
into their faces?
Well. I'm not gonna let anyone talk
about my friend like that.
Your friend?
Yeah. Toph. You're my friend.
We went through a lot to get here.
How could we not be friends?
I mean.
I've been kind of mean to you. [chuckles]
Mostly. you just tell the truth.
You just don't do it very nicely.
Yeah.
I don't. I'm…
I'm not nice.
That's my problem.
I've been too nice lately!
- Well. that's not quite what I was--
- [Toph] Thank you. Katara.
And hey. if you ever need me
to drop a big ol' rock on someone's head.
just say the word.
Uh…
Toph. everybody's talking to me. I--
I ran away from home.
like. a really comfortable home.
to try and teach you.
- I know.
- [Toph] Be quiet.
I crossed half the Earth Kingdom on foot
just to get here.
- Well…
- To the city. which I hate.
And I had to use my name.
which I never wanted to do again.
And now every conniving sycophant
is socially climbing out of the walls
to try and marry me.
which I don't wanna do.
All to teach the Avatar to earthbend.
and you can't even kick a rock.
- But--
- [Toph] But what?
I'll work harder.
No. You won't.
You wanna know why?
Because I quit.
- You can't quit.
- [Toph] I can quit.
You can't learn.
How am I supposed to learn?
All you do is shout at me.
[laughs] Oh!
Maybe it's 'cause you don't listen!
No wonder it took you years
to learn how to waterbend.
At least I had a good teacher for that.
Oh. okay. So you think this is my fault?
- Maybe.
- Maybe?
Okay. well. maybe you'll never learn this.
Maybe water and air is
all you'll ever bend.
Maybe you're nothing but a half-atar.
Enough!
[triumphant music playing]
You did it.
While we were arguing.
you held your ground.
I did it.
I held my ground. and I earthbent!
I'm the greatest earthbending teacher
in the world!
[Katara] Here you are.
[Sokka breathes shakily]
Here I am.
[Katara] Are you okay?
[somber music playing]
I messed it all up with Suki.
Suki?
No. Suki likes you.
Yeah. she did. and I liked her.
And then I just
pushed her away!
And I didn't even get to apologize
when she was
right there.
She was right there.
I was about to tell her I was sorry.
And before I could open my mouth.
a wall came up between us.
She was here. and then she was gone.
I don't know why I pushed her away.
Sokka.
why do you think you might have?
Because…
Yue.
I didn't wanna lose Suki
the same way I lost Yue.
but I lost her anyway.
Why am I not over this?
What is wrong with me?
Sokka.
That's not how grief works.
So what? I'm just gonna be
screwed up forever.
never knowing if something's
gonna tip me over the edge?
I don't know.
I'm not over Mom.
There will never be a day
that I don't think about Mom.
But I guess…
that's why I've got you.
And you've got me.
Let's just talk about these things
from now on.
Yeah.
I'd like that.
What is that?
Um… it's cactus juice.
[horns playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[Aang gasps]
Now's my chance.
- Wait. don't forget to bow.
- [exhales sharply]
I'm Avatar Aang. I must--
Step back.
I must speak with--
Step… back.
[Long Feng] Avatar Aang.
you… you can't
approach the king like that.
Come.
[Aang] I have a message
that the king needs to hear.
Please. Long Feng. It's important.
I'll ask if he'll see you.
Thank you.
Okay.
[Aang sighs]
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
Of course.
Thank you.
[Smellerbee] Here you go.
[woman gasps]
Oh. bless you.
Jet.
[sentimental music playing]
It's okay. It's willow bark tea.
[sips]
[coughs]
It's bracing.
But it'll do the job.
You look different.
Do I?
[Smellerbee] Share these with the others.
Thank you.
[foreboding music playing]
A hundred years ago.
the Fire Nation used the comet's power
to kill the Air Nomads.
So it only makes sense
that they would do the same thing again.
And it's on its way back.
Our friend Sai has proof.
This is grave indeed.
Now you know why I need to tell
the Earth King as soon as possible.
[Long Feng sighs]
[Aang sighs]
There is something
you should know about the king.
He is beloved.
But he can be a difficult man.
rigidly adhering to rituals
and ruling Ba Sing Se
like it was his perfect domain.
He'll close his mind to any news
that goes against his point of view.
Just like the people at the party.
It's like they don't even know
there's a war going on.
Exactly.
And this is because of the king.
He forbids people to speak of war.
And anyone who mentions it
attracts the attention
of the king's guards. the Dai Li.
They are his eyes and ears
everywhere in the city.
There must be a way
to make him see the truth.
I wish there were.
He rules by divine right.
believing that.
as long as the spirits will it.
he is infallible.
But…
but you are a bridge to the spirits.
He might listen to you.
But you need to show him
that you care about the city.
That everything you do
is for the good of Ba Sing Se.
I could help you with that.
So you're with me?
Of course. Of course I'm with you.
I live to serve Ba Sing Se.
But because our king is so reluctant
to face uncomfortable truths.
I've had to take on so much more
than any cultural minister has.
And sometimes I…
Sorry. I…
I've said too much.
No. Minister.
It's okay.
No.
You're the Avatar.
My burdens are nothing compared to yours.
[Aang] Sometimes.
I feel like there's so much to do.
And I can't even stop to breathe.
because if I do.
what if I miss something
or fail the world
again?
[pensive music playing]
It is
isolating.
Isn't it?
When it gets to be too much…
I talk to Appa.
[Long Feng scoffs]
Does Appa have
any sessions available for me?
[chuckles]
I'll check.
We will find a solution.
Together.
Okay. Avatar Aang?
Yes.
And
it's just Aang.
Okay. Aang.
[chuckles]
[mysterious music playing]
[girl] Thank you.
[uplifting music playing]
So Long Feng said that if I integrated
into the city and contribute.
the king would be more likely to listen.
Okay. Yeah.
I'm not super sure about that guy.
Oh. hello.
Hey. when did you get back?
I got tired. so I took a carriage.
How did it go with the king?
I didn't quite meet with the king.
but Long Feng said
that he'd do everything in his power
to help arrange a meeting.
It's just gonna take some time.
[Sokka gasps]
We're
all on the ceiling now.
Yeah. he's been like this for hours.
Oh. he drank some… cactus juice?
Oh!
Drink cactus juice. It'll quench ya.
Nothing's quenchier. It's the quenchiest.
No. thank you. It's okay. No. thank you.
[Sokka] Mmm.
My… my… my…
my snoozles.
[Toph] Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Snoozles would be a good idea for you.
For all of us.
Yeah. we're gonna be here for a while.
so we may as well get… comfortable.
Yeah. not you. [chuckles]
We have earthbending training
in the morning.
What time?
I'll wake you up.
- Night.
[Sokka] Good night.
It's a giant mushroom.
Maybe it's friendly.
[owl hooting]
[mysterious music playing]
Sai the mechanist.
The king has invited you to Lake Laogai.
Yes. of course.
I'd be happy to go wherever.
Now.
[gulps]
[music swells]
[dramatic. adventurous music playing]
[music ends]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm